It was one of the earliest I mean in this video I'm going to provide answers and responses to some frequently
asked questions that they have been receiving from the students.
So I wanted to clarify a few issues that may come to you whenever you are following the Cox one of the
comments that they have received a couple of times is that the font size in some of the videos is very
small and hardly readable.
Actually this is probably the case of some of the videos in the beginning because the first the videos
that they have recorded were not designed to work on small screens.
And after some time I figured out that some of these videos are not very well readable on small screens
like smartphones or tablets.
However for later videos like from resurfaces on CD laser scanners and all the other videos I have increased
significantly the font size all the videos should be readable even if you look at them in a smartphone
or tablet.
So what they would recommend if you find some of the videos with the small font size you can use a large
screen.
And in this case we'll be able to clearly read and follow the videos independently from the FONTES.
OK.
In some cases I shouldn't say that the topic was fast.
It's not very common.
Probably a few students just claimed that.
I actually think that whenever I record the video I try to reduce the video by removing some silences
and removing some some useless parts.
So probably in some cases it might look that the topic is fact but I do believe that most of the reviews
they are presented in the good books.
I hope also received the question that that is not taught in how to install on Windows basically can
only be installed on your belt.
But also if you work on a Windows machine you can install a virtual machine like for example VM workstation
or virtual box and then you can install Ubuntu on top of that and then you can install trust on Ubuntu
on the virtual machine.
I have a video that explains some recommendations and guidelines on how to install virtual machines
how to download them from their websites and so on.
I didn't make specific video for Windows but they have made a specific video for installing virtual
machine on that.
And the process is exactly the same.
So you can just follow the same process instead of downloading VM fusion that they have used in the
Mac operating system.
You can't just don't logical box or you can download VM workstation and you can follow exactly the same
steps that they have you presenting in the Mac OS operating system.